Did it hurt when you fell from Heaven?
Hey, I lost my number. Can I have yours instead?
Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only ten I see.
If I could rearrange the alphabet I’d put U and I together.
Do you know CPR? Because you take my breath away.
Is it hot in here, or is that just you?
Do you have a map? I keep getting lost in your eyes.
There must be something wrong with my eyes. Because I can’t take them off of you.
People call me [insert your name], but you can call me tonight.
Are you a parking ticket because you have FINE written all over you.
I must be in a museum, because you’re a work of art.
I’m not a photographer, but I can picture us together.
My love is like a tidal wave, and you’re beachfront property.
Do you smoke pot? Because ‘weed’ be good together.
If loving me is wrong, you don’t wanna be right.
How much does a polar bear weigh? Enough to break the ice.
I might need crutches. You make my knees weak.
You must be a witch/wizard. Because you’re magical.
You remind me of a dictionary in the way you add meaning to everything.
Do you have a bandage? I skinned my knee falling for you.
You’re so beautiful that you made me forget my pick up line.
When I look at you I feel like I’m a pirate and just found my buried treasure.
You’re like the wind. Because you blow me away.
Are you Greek? Because you look like a goddess.
If beauty was a grain of sand, you’d be a thousand beaches.
NASA called, they said that you’re out of this world.
Are you good at math? Can you replace my X without asking Y?
Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I’m feeling a connection.
Are you Google? Because you’re everything I’m searching for.
Are you a carbon sample? Because I want to date you.
You must be a compound of barium and beryllium. Because you’re a total BaBe.
Would a little more alcohol catalyze this reaction?
You’re so hot you denature my proteins.
Call the CDC! Your smile is contagious.
If there was no gravity on this planet I would still fall for you.
You must be nitroglycerin. Because you’re dynamite.
I’m no astronomer, but I’d still give you the sun, moon, and the stars.
You know what you and planet earth Earth have in common? You’re both getting hotter each year.